ADD

Results to Pre-questionnaire
Consequences to each evaluation section
UX workshop: reveal.js, fast-pace, orders
Individual project focus: question from meeting with adviser
Nicole: wizard of OZ, resultado, goals, improvement, OPI, RESPONSIVENESS (question from Individual project focus)
User tests

	User tests:

	Evaluate

	if users respond to prompts
	if usability is fine
	if method works

	Nicole: example of speech
	method test: wizard of OZ prototype
	feedback on method: performance assessment
	user observation: in a wizard of O?
	interview?: it didn't happen
	Nissa: what should I do?

Post-questionnaire (or maybe information on interview?)
Overall consequences: stay with self-evaluation


CONSIDER

RATIONALE ==> FAQ ==> Evaluation

EVALUATION: methods used to iterate/evaluate and the results


NICOLE'S SPEECH IN THE DESIGN RATIONALE?

FAQ: why no corrections?
Nicole after 2 sessions
Focus on quantity, rather than quality
Repetition






SHASHANK: mark all sections that could probably use some referencing, then find references



USER OBSERVATION: hands on the table. Nice to have more reinforcement on performance/trying!




In order to assess learners’ reactions or attitudes toward the

learning experience, it is usually best to use a mixture of open-ended questions and closed-

ended questions, according to Reiser and Dempsey (2011, p.99 ).



Review - after
Constant feel of challenge could be stressful
Independently of doing it again tomorrow, it'd be nice to review immediately after the exercise

FROM KAREN

"extrinsic motivation" in Cognitive Constructivism: why it's nice that nstructions seem like a human is teaching them

add to the design rationale for principles:

Finally, perhaps you can include a conclusion of how this design helps " your users speak aloud at a fast speed". I imagine people will create mental model in the working memory while speaking so they can control if their sound is loud enough. While practicing several times, the knowledge of how to control their voice will transfer to long-term memory. Therefore, they remember how to speak at a appropriate speed even they have not practiced for days.


NICOLE

Feedback from Evaluation

one little addition I think would make it even stronger is putting all your main different designed prototypes (to highlight you did so many) and then explain how you will use specific examples to show the process of applying feedback. Putting the screen shots of all your designs will serve as a place to showcase the incredible amount of feedback you have received moving you from a web application towards your current design